README.md, before:

# Digital Portfolio v0.3

## What?

Ever dreamt of having your awesome personal portfolio website? Have zero experience coding websites? Then you have come to the right place. Keep reading, and in a matter of minutes (read: a few days of frustration) you will have your website up and running.

## Why?

- To showcase my React.js/Next.js skills
- To give a tool to my friends to have an awesome digital portfolio (and stop asking me to build one for them)
- To start a _useful_ project, where devs of all skill levels can collaborate
- To prepare the front-end of a bigger project centered around digital resume/portfolio building

## How?

0. [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo), make it yours
1. Populate `data/resume.min.json` file with your details (currently holds sample data with Harry Potter's info)
2. Deploy on your own, or if you don't know how to, keep reading
3. _Fool-proof instructions on going live (using Vercel) will go here_

## Technical Details

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). Follow the link to get started with local setup and other guidelines.

## Can I contribute?

Sure! Any improvements are welcome. Feel free to open PR's. Especially welcome are solutions to the issues listed in the "Issues" section.

Commit message:

Added deployment details and Vercel instructions

README.md, after:

<div style="text-align: center">
    <div style="font-size: 4em">📜</div>
    <div style="font-size:2em; font-weight:700; ">Digital Portfolio v0.3</div>
</div>

## What?

Ever dreamt of having your awesome personal portfolio website? Have zero experience coding websites? Then you have come to the right place. Keep reading, and in a matter of minutes (read: a few days of frustration) you will have your website up and running.

## Where?

This project is deployed to: 

https://digital-portfolio-seven.vercel.app/ 

Keep reading and you'll see how you can deploy your resume just like this.

## Why?

- To showcase my React.js/Next.js skills
- To give a tool to my friends to have an awesome digital portfolio (and stop asking me to build one for them)
- To start a _useful_ project, where devs of all skill levels can collaborate
- To prepare the front-end of a bigger project centered around digital resume/portfolio building

## How?

0. [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo), make it yours
1. Populate `data/resume.min.json` file with your details (currently holds sample data with Harry Potter's info)
2. Deploy on your own, or if you don't know how to, keep reading
3. Go to https://vercel.com/
4. Click on "Start Deploying" and then "Continue with Github"
5. Create an account on Vercel (they have a free tier for hobby projects - good to kick off), select and deploy your repo
6. Now every time code is pushed/merged to the main branch of the repo, Vercel will pull it and update your deployment. Just like in those cool movies

## What tech?

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). Follow the link to get started with local setup and other guidelines.

## Can I contribute?

Sure! Any improvements are welcome. Feel free to open PR's. Especially welcome are solutions to the issues listed in the "Issues" section.
